This script assumes that the following connections have been configured:
  * OLE DB connection to Microsoft Directory Services
  * Folder connection for storing output

Extract Active Directory Information
-------------------------------------
The script for extracting information from Active Directory should be added
to a Qlik Sense app and configured according to the following instructions:

1) Create new connection
   * Provider: OLE DB Provider for Microsoft Directory Services
   * Data source (configure Source according to current domain):
     OLEDB CONNECT TO [Provider=ADsDSOObject;Integrated Security=SSPI;Data Source=LDAP://domain.local;]
   * Modify LIB CONNECT statement to reflect name of this connection.
2) Create folder connection for storing output files.
   * Modify variable OutputFolderconnection to the name of the folder
     connection.
3) Modify variable "LDAPConnection" to reflect current domain.
4) Modify variable "Category" to reflect current domain.
5) Modify variable "GroupsOfInterest so that it contains the groups that are
   relevant for the Qlik Sense deployment.

Load User Information into Qlik Sense
--------------------------------------
Use these instruections to configure the QMC to load the information
generated by the app described above.

1) Copy the file "schema.ini" to the output folder configered in step 2) above.
2) Create a new User Directory Connector of type ODBC
3) User table name: Users.csv
4) Attributes table name: GroupAttributes.csv
5) Visible connection string (configure path according to output folder
   configured in step 2) in the instructions above):
   Driver={Microsoft Access Text Driver (*.txt, *.csv)};Extensions=asc,csv,tab,txt;DefaultDir=C:\QlikShare\UserInfo

The connector assuems that the "Microsoft Access Text Driver" is installed
on the Qlik Sense server. It can be downloaded from the following site:

https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=13255
